[Bug] Normalize probabilities (#53)
PennyLaneAI/PennyLane-IonQ: CHANGELOG.md

  `SimulatorDevice` class for general IonQ devices.
  [(#50)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/PennyLane-IonQ/pull/50)

### Bug Fixes

> * Since the probabilities returned don't always perfectly sum to one, they are now normalized.

Author: ```suggestion
* Since the probabilities returned don't always perfectly sum to one, they are now normalized.
  [(#53)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/PennyLane-IonQ/pull/53)
```

  `SimulatorDevice` class for general IonQ devices.
  [(#50)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/PennyLane-IonQ/pull/50)

### Bug Fixes

> * Since the probabilities returned don't always perfectly sum to one, they are now normalized.

Author: ```suggestion
* Since the histogram of probabilities returned from the remote simulator does not always sum exactly to one,
  the PennyLane device normalizes them to higher precision.
```
